# Bibliometrix Analaysis for Lake Urmia Peer Reviewed Literature: 1900 to Sept. 2020

The Scopus database was quried for articles with the key words  ( "Lake"  AND  ( "Urmia"  OR  "orumiyeh"  OR  "Orumiyeh" ) ). The quries were done in two batches: from 1) 1900 to August 2019, and 2) August 2019 to September 2020.

The script generates the list of articles used in the literature synthesis and several figures, two of which are used in the synthesis article by Parsinejad et al (2021).

Find further documentation in the file **FigsApril2021\BibliometrixUrmia2020.pdf**.

## Requirements
* R version 4.1.1. Download from https://cran.r-project.org/.
* R Studio 1.1.456. Download from https://www.rstudio.com/.

## To Run Code and Generate Figures 1 and 7 in the article.
1. Download and install R and RStudio (see requirements). 
1. Switch into the **FigsApril2021** folder.
1. Open the **FigsApril2021.Rproject**. R Studio will open.
1. Select the **BibliometrixUrmia2020.Rmd** file tab (R markdown file). Click the **Knit** button (below the file tab).
1. The following files will be generated:
  * **BibliometrixUrmia2020.pdf** - pdf file with all the figures
  * **UrmiaArticlesSorted2020.csv** - Comma separated values of all articles sorted by number
1. Open the **BibliometrixUrmia2020.pdf** file to view figures and other ouput. 


## Folder Contents
1. FigsApril2021 - folder with most recent input data and code. Use these files!

    * **Files for Figures 1 and 6**
    * **Scopus-LakeUrmia-Aug8-2019.bib** - Scopus database query made on August 8, 2019 (initial batch of articles)
    * **Scopus-LakeUrmia-Sep15-2020.bib** - Scopus database query made on Sept 15, 2020 (2nd batch of articles)
    * **LakeUrmiaWaterLevel-1966-Vaheddost.xlsx** - Monthly lake level data provided by Vaheddost via email. Used in Figure 1.
    * **Lake_Urmia_WaterLevel_Precip_Data.xlsx** - Annual lake level and precipitation data provided by Parsinejad. Used in Figure 6 in Section 4.7.
    * **BibliometrixUrmia2020.Rmd** - R markdown file with code to generate all plots and output files including the file **BibliometrixUrmia2020.pdf**. See **BibliometrixUrmia2020.pdf** for full documentation of data and methods.
    * **BibliometrixUrmia2020.r** - r script. Outputs the same as BibliometrixUrmia.Rmd except the pdf file.
    * **BibliometrixUrmia2020.pdf** - pdf file generated by .Rmd. This file has all the output plots!!
    * **UrmiaArticlesSorted2020.csv** - CSV file with all articles included in the literature synthesis sorted by number of articles from smallest to largest.

    * **Remaining Figures**
	* **LakeUrmiaSynthesis-Figures-v3.pptx - Raw drawings / images of all other figures in the manuscript.

    * **Files for Farm Size Distributions**
    * **FarmSizeDistribution.xlsx** - Data for farm size distributions for Lake Urmia, Iran, and Utah, USA. See **FarmSizeDistribution.pdf** for full documentaiton of data and methods.
    * **FarmSizeDistribution.Rmd** - R markdown file with code to generate all results as pdf file in **FarmSizeDistribution.pdf**.
    * **FarmSizeDistribution.R ** - R version of FarmSizeDistribution.Rmd**. Generates figures in the R studio console.
  
1. Libraries - EndNote files with libraries used to generate paper citations
1. OldStuff - Older versions of code files. May not run

## FarmSizeDistribution
1. Select the **FarmSizeDistribution.Rmd** file tab (R markdown file). Click the **Knit** button (below the file tabl).
4. The following file will be generated: **FarmSizeDistribution.pdf**

## Requested Citation
David E. Rosenberg (2021). "Bibliometrix Analaysis for Lake Urmia Peer Reviewed Literature: 1900 to Sept. 2020", Utah State University, Logan, Utah. https://github.com/dzeke/UrmiaCoding/tree/main/LiteratureSynthesis.

The active version of this code is maintained at: https://github.com/dzeke/UrmiaCoding/tree/main/LiteratureSynthesis.
